x/qbank/spec/06_tx.md, before:

# Tx commands

Based on the transaction message defined in the message section, qbank module has tx cli ( and equivalent grpc calls.)

##  Deposit CLI commands

Deposit CLI command facilitate the deposit of N amount of denom with defined lockup period.

Format:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-deposit [risk-profile=LOW/MID/HIGH] [vault-id=orion] [sdk.coin = 1000qsr] [Lockupperiod = Days_7/Days_21/Months_1/Months_3] [flags]
```

Risk profile is unused field for now which can be removed if needed.

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-deposit "MID" "orion" 200uqsar Days_7 --from alice
```

## Withdraw

Withdraw CLI command faciliate the withdrawal of previously deposited amount of a particular denomination. But this command will only be able to withdraw the current withdrawable amount which can be different than the previously deposited amount due to the market fluctuations in the destination dex.

Format:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw [risk-profile] [vault-id] [sdk.coin] [lockup-period] [flags]
```

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw "MID" "orion" 200uqsar Days_7 --from alice
```

## Withdraw all

Withdraw CLI command faciliate the withdrawal of previously deposited amount of all the denomination users had deposited. But this command will only be able to withdraw the current withdrawable amount which can be different than the previously deposited amount due to the market fluctuations in the destination dex.

Format:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw-all [vault-id] [flags]
```

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw-all "orion"  --from alice
```

## Claim reward

Claim reward CLI command facilitate the claim reward functionality with which a user can claim the rewards accumulated so far.

```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank claim-rewards [vault-id] [flags]
```

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank claim-rewards "orion"  --from alice
```

Commit message:

add qbanks min deposit support, and qoracle stable tx.

x/qbank/spec/06_tx.md, after:

# Tx commands

Based on the transaction message defined in the message section, qbank module has tx cli ( and equivalent grpc calls.)

##  Deposit CLI commands

Deposit CLI command facilitate the deposit of N amount of denom with defined lockup period.

Format:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-deposit [risk-profile=LOW/MID/HIGH] [vault-id=orion] [sdk.coin = 1000qsr] [Lockupperiod = Days_7/Days_21/Months_1/Months_3] [flags]
```

Risk profile is unused field for now which can be removed if needed.

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-deposit "MID" "orion" 200uqsar Days_7 --from alice
```
### preequisit
To be able to do the successfull deposit for a denom; stable price should be available in the qoracle. 
Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qoracle stable-price uqsar "1" --from alice
```

## Withdraw

Withdraw CLI command faciliate the withdrawal of previously deposited amount of a particular denomination. But this command will only be able to withdraw the current withdrawable amount which can be different than the previously deposited amount due to the market fluctuations in the destination dex.

Format:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw [risk-profile] [vault-id] [sdk.coin] [lockup-period] [flags]
```

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw "MID" "orion" 200uqsar Days_7 --from alice
```

## Withdraw all

Withdraw CLI command faciliate the withdrawal of previously deposited amount of all the denomination users had deposited. But this command will only be able to withdraw the current withdrawable amount which can be different than the previously deposited amount due to the market fluctuations in the destination dex.

Format:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw-all [vault-id] [flags]
```

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank request-withdraw-all "orion"  --from alice
```

## Claim reward

Claim reward CLI command facilitate the claim reward functionality with which a user can claim the rewards accumulated so far.

```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank claim-rewards [vault-id] [flags]
```

Example:
```bash
quasarnoded tx qbank claim-rewards "orion"  --from alice
```
