demos/packet-forwarder/README.md, before:

# IBC Packet forwarder demo

We want to setup and run 3 blockchains locally, `quasar`, `cosmos`, and `osmosis`.
These 3 blockchains will be communicating for the purpose of demonstrating a token transfer from `cosmos` to `quasar`, then from `quasar` to osmosis, using the IBC packet forwarding feature.

Both the `gaia` and `osmosis` repositories need to be cloned in a `contrib/` directory at the same level as the `quasar` repository.

The `gaia` repo should be cloned from our fork https://github.com/quasar-finance/gaia and the branch `bugfix/replace_default_transfer_with_router_module` should be checked out.

A script is there to run all the demo steps.

## Setup

1. Start 3 blockchains locally

```bash
./demo start_all
```

2. Configure and start the `transfer` channel on ignite relayer only and wait for it to finish creating the connections, it might take a couple of minutes.

```bash
./demo init_relayer
```

Now the 3 blockchains are able to communicate.

## Token transfer scenario

Alice's address on quasar is: `quasar1sqlsc5024sszglyh7pswk5hfpc5xtl77gqjwec`

1. Check that Alice on Quasar does not have yet any ATOM:

```bash
curl http://localhost:1311/bank/balances/quasar1sqlsc5024sszglyh7pswk5hfpc5xtl77gqjwec
```

2. Now Bob transfers 2000 uatom from `cosmos` to `quasar`

```bash
./demo tx_bob_cosmos_to_alice_quasar
```

Now the new ATOM transferred to alice on `quasar` should be visibile:

```bash
curl http://localhost:1311/bank/balances/quasar1sqlsc5024sszglyh7pswk5hfpc5xtl77gqjwec
```

3. Alice has the ATOM available in the form of an IBC token on `quasar`. We now transfer it to `osmosis` but doing a multi-hop transaction via `cosmos` using the packet forwarder.

Alice's address on osmosis is: `osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq`


The receiver address looks like:
`cosmos1vzxkv3lxccnttr9rs0002s93sgw72h7ghukuhs|transfer/channel-1:osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq`

The initial cosmos address can be a random address. It is in fact a temporary address that will hold the denom + amount, from which the fee will be deducted and retained by cosmos, before being forwarded to osmosis.

We check first that the receiver on `osmosis` does not yet have the atom balance.

```bash
curl http://localhost:1312/bank/balances/osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq
```

Then we make the tx:

```bash
./demo tx_alice_quasar_to_alice_osmosis_via_cosmos
```

And we check the balance again for Alice on `osmosis`:
```bash
curl http://localhost:1312/bank/balances/osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq
```

It should display the 1000 IBC denom for the original ATOM.

Commit message:

updated packet forwarder demo readme

demos/packet-forwarder/README.md, after:

# IBC Packet forwarder demo
This demo tutorial demonstrates the working of multi-hop packet forwarding by using three chains from their latest source code in the local environment. The three chains used for the demo purpose are `quasar`, `cosmos-hub`, and `osmosis`. 

Repo links - 
`quasar` https://github.com/quasar-finance/quasar
`cosmos-hub`  https://github.com/quasar-finance/gaia 
`osmosis` https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis
`multi-hop packet forwarder` https://github.com/strangelove-ventures/packet-forward-middleware

These 3 blockchains will be communicating for the purpose of demonstrating a token transfer from `cosmos` to `quasar`, then from `quasar` to osmosis, using the IBC packet forwarding feature.

## Prerequisits - 
1. Both the `gaia` and `osmosis` repositories need to be cloned in a `contrib/` directory at the same level as the `quasar` repository.

2. The cosmos-hub `gaia` repo should be cloned from our fork https://github.com/quasar-finance/gaia and the branch `bugfix/replace_default_transfer_with_router_module` should be checked out.
   
3. `osmosis` require go version 1.18 
4. `ignite` latest version should be installed.
Ref - [https://docs.ignite.com/guide/install.html]
   
5. `gnome terminal` should also be installed if not already installed.
For ubuntu - 
   ```bash 
        sudo apt-get install gnome-terminal
   ```


A script is there to run all the demo steps.

## Setup
1. Go to the `quasar` cloned directory, and cd demos/packet-forwarder. A script is there to run all the demo steps.
   
   ```bash 
   cd demos/packet-forwarder
   ```

2. Start 3 blockchains locally

```bash
./demo start_all
```

3. Configure and start the `transfer` channel on ignite relayer only and wait for it to finish creating the connections, it might take a couple of minutes.

```bash
./demo init_relayer
```

Now the 3 blockchains are able to communicate.

## Token transfer scenario

Alice's address on quasar is: `quasar1sqlsc5024sszglyh7pswk5hfpc5xtl77gqjwec`

1. Check that Alice on Quasar does not have yet any ATOM:

```bash
curl http://localhost:1311/bank/balances/quasar1sqlsc5024sszglyh7pswk5hfpc5xtl77gqjwec
```

2. Now Bob transfers 2000 uatom from `cosmos` to `quasar`

```bash
./demo tx_bob_cosmos_to_alice_quasar
```

Now the new ATOM transferred to alice on `quasar` should be visibile:

```bash
curl http://localhost:1311/bank/balances/quasar1sqlsc5024sszglyh7pswk5hfpc5xtl77gqjwec
```

3. Alice has the ATOM available in the form of an IBC token on `quasar`. We now transfer it to `osmosis` but doing a multi-hop transaction via `cosmos` using the packet forwarder.

Alice's address on osmosis is: `osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq`


The receiver address looks like:
`cosmos1vzxkv3lxccnttr9rs0002s93sgw72h7ghukuhs|transfer/channel-1:osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq`

The initial cosmos address can be a random address. It is in fact a temporary address that will hold the denom + amount, from which the fee will be deducted and retained by cosmos, before being forwarded to osmosis.

We check first that the receiver on `osmosis` does not yet have the atom balance.

```bash
curl http://localhost:1312/bank/balances/osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq
```

Then we make the tx:

```bash
./demo tx_alice_quasar_to_alice_osmosis_via_cosmos
```

And we check the balance again for Alice on `osmosis`:
```bash
curl http://localhost:1312/bank/balances/osmo1t8eh66t2w5k67kwurmn5gqhtq6d2ja0vp7jmmq
```

It should display the 1000 IBC denom for the original ATOM.
