demos/wasm/README.md, before:

# WASM demo

This demo tutorial shows deployment of a wasm smart contract.

## Setup
We need to setup the CLI:
in the root directory of the repository run
``` go install -mod=readonly ./cmd/quasarnoded/```
now we can use quasarnoded on the commandline to interact with the wasm module

Now we need an optimized contract to  upload and interact with. With this demo, we bundled the name service contract
First we compile the contract, from `wasm/nameservice` run 
```docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code   --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target   --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry   cosmwasm/rust-optimizer:0.11.3```

Now that we can interact with the chain and have a contract to work with, we can do the actual demo.

## Demo
Run the local node:
```ignite chain serve --reset-once```

List all wasm bytecodes on chain:
```wasmd query wasm list-code --node http://0.0.0.0:26657```
And we have show of life!

Lets upload a contract, running from the `wasm` dir
``` quasarnoded tx wasm store ./nameservice/artifacts/cw_nameservice.wasm --from alice --gas auto```

rerunning the list command:
```quasarnoded query wasm list-code --node http://0.0.0.0:26657```
We now see our created contract and instantiate it.
```quasarnoded tx wasm instantiate 1 {} --label test --no-admin --from alice```

Commit message:

Feat/pre v50 cleanup (#712)
## 1. Overview

This PR aims to cleanup code for v50 upgrade.

## 2. Implementation details

Cleanup of code contains the following changes : 
1. Complete removal of qoracle, qtransfer and qvesting modules.
2. Removal of 3rd party proto directory.
3. Testutil cleanup.
4. Wasmbinding cleanup.
5. Lint checks.
6. Renaming quasarnoded to quasard.


## 3. How to test/use

Lint test can be done by running `make lint-all` 
Tests can be run by `make test-all`

## 4. Future Work (optional)

@ajansari95 needs to do the api changes in the later PRs

---------

Co-authored-by: ajansari95 <53616488+ajansari95@users.noreply.github.com>

demos/wasm/README.md, after:

# WASM demo

This demo tutorial shows deployment of a wasm smart contract.

## Setup
We need to setup the CLI:
in the root directory of the repository run
``` go install -mod=readonly ./cmd/quasard/```
now we can use quasard on the commandline to interact with the wasm module

Now we need an optimized contract to  upload and interact with. With this demo, we bundled the name service contract
First we compile the contract, from `wasm/nameservice` run 
```docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code   --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target   --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry   cosmwasm/rust-optimizer:0.11.3```

Now that we can interact with the chain and have a contract to work with, we can do the actual demo.

## Demo
Run the local node:
```ignite chain serve --reset-once```

List all wasm bytecodes on chain:
```wasmd query wasm list-code --node http://0.0.0.0:26657```
And we have show of life!

Lets upload a contract, running from the `wasm` dir
``` quasard tx wasm store ./nameservice/artifacts/cw_nameservice.wasm --from alice --gas auto```

rerunning the list command:
```quasard query wasm list-code --node http://0.0.0.0:26657```
We now see our created contract and instantiate it.
```quasard tx wasm instantiate 1 {} --label test --no-admin --from alice```
